Add a security section (#59)
unifiedjs/unified-engine: readme.md

[`doc/ignore.md`][ignore] describes in detail how ignore files work.

## Security

> `unified-engine` loads configuration files, plugins, and presets from your workspace.
> Plugins and presets contain JavaScript which will be executed.
> Configuration files may also contain JavaScript which will be executed.
> Only use `unified-engine` in workspaces you trust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`unified-engine` loads and evaluates configuration files, plugins, and presets
from the file system (often from `node_modules/`).
That means code that is on your file system runs.
Make sure you trust the workspace where you run `unified-engine` and be careful
with packages from npm and changes made by contributors.
```

How about this?

[`doc/ignore.md`][ignore] describes in detail how ignore files work.

## Security

`unified-engine` loads and evaluates configuration files, plugins, and presets
from the file system (often from `node_modules/`).
That means code that is on your file system runs.

> Make sure you trust the workspace where you run `unified-engine` and be careful

Reviewer 2: Out of curiosity, is it the workspace you need to trust or the plugins themselves? 🤔 
Node doesn't really have a trust/permissions model for workspaces.

Deno or Lava Moat could bring a (partial) trust model in, but I'm not sure they are currently supported.

Author: Basically you need to trust the plugins in the workspace.

`unified-engine` could be installed globally, but then still it loads the plugins from the workspace. I.e. using `npm install -g remark-cli` or `npm install -g remark-language-server`. In these cases the user still needs to trust the plugins in the project workspace.

I intend to copy-paste this section in those readmes as well. Also VSCode has a workspace trust system which I intend to use in `vscode-remark`.

Reviewer: I removed the first example of “workspace” because it’s a vague undefined word, replacing it with file system instead.
For the second `workspace`, that change didn’t make sense, and there I feel it’s more okay to use a vague word.

Open to an alternative though.

I think plugins is too limited a concept for what’s meant here though: this is about code that is on your computer (whether installed or somehow otherwise on disk). That’s the potential security problem: code is evaluated.

If workspace is meant as one project / cwd, then it’s incorrect too: code can run from outside the “workspace”

Reviewer: This looks like more of a conversation rather than something that has to be changed, so I’m assuming this PR is good to go.
